feat: add entry about cherry-pick (#3472)
Codecademy/docs: content/git/concepts/cherry-pick/cherry-pick.md

---
Title: 'cherry-pick'
Description: 'The cherry pick command is used to select and put individual commits from one branch to another.'
Subjects:
  - 'Bash/Shell'
  - 'Developer Tools'
Tags:
  - 'Git'
  - 'GitHub'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-the-command-line'
  - 'learn-git'
---

The **cherry-pick** command entails picking individual [commits](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/git/commit) from one [branch](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/git/branch) to another.

> 

Reviewer: Add a syntax section showing the command by itself `git cherry-pick <commit>`. You can add information about some of the options available (e.g., -edit, -x) in the syntax section.

```pseudo
commit 3456789
Author: Dang Smith <dang.smith@example.com>
Date:   Fri Aug 8 16:27:04 2023 -0700

    Cherry-picked commit with SHA 2f410g1

commit 2f410g1
Author: Ooh Doe <ooh.doe@example.com>
Date:   Fri Aug 8 16:29:04 2023 -0700

    Added content about poodles
```

## Prevention Strategies

A common way to prevent the creation of duplicate commits is using `--no-commit` in the `cherry-pick` command. In the example below, The `--no-commit option` will apply the changes from the cherry-pick to the working directory, but it will not create a new commit. This allows developers to inspect the changes and make any necessary edits before committing the final changes to the main branch.

```pseudo
# Switch to the `adding-content-about-dogs` branch.
git checkout adding-content-about-dogs
# Cherry-pick the commit with the SHA `2f410g1`, but do not commit the changes.
git cherry-pick --no-commit 2f410g1

# Inspect the changes made by the cherry-pick.
git diff HEAD

# Commit the changes with your own message.
git commit -m "Added content about poodles"
```

> Here's how the commit history would look after the `cherry-pick`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is the commit history after the `cherry-pick`:
```

```pseudo
commit 23289
Author: Ooh Doe <ooh.doe@example.com>
Date:   Fri Oct 8 16:29:04 2023 -0700

Added content about poodles
```

> As shown above, there is only one commit in spite of cherry-picking it from SHA 2f410g1 due to the use of `--no-commit`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As shown above, there is only one commit in spite of cherry-picking it from SHA `2f410g1` due to the use of `--no-commit`.
```

---
Title: 'cherry-pick'
Description: 'The cherry pick command is used to select and put individual commits from one branch to another.'
Subjects:
  - 'Bash/Shell'
  - 'Developer Tools'
Tags:
  - 'Git'
  - 'GitHub'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-the-command-line'
  - 'learn-git'
---

The **cherry-pick** command entails picking individual [commits](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/git/commit) from one [branch](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/git/branch) to another.

## Syntax

```pseudo
git cherry-pick <commit>

> ```

Reviewer: Add an explanation that `<commit>` is the hash and that it can be found using `git log`. Link the `git log` entry (https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/git/log) too.

> <commit> is the hash and can be found using [git log](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/git/log)

Reviewer: Also, don't forget the line breaks. 
```suggestion

<commit> is the hash and can be found using [git log](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/git/log).

```

> <commit> is the hash and that it can be found using [git log](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/git/log)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<commit> is the hash and can be found using [git log](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/git/log)

```

---
Title: 'cherry-pick'
Description: 'The cherry pick command is used to select and put individual commits from one branch to another.'
Subjects:
  - 'Bash/Shell'
  - 'Developer Tools'
Tags:
  - 'Git'
  - 'GitHub'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-the-command-line'
  - 'learn-git'
---

The **cherry-pick** command entails picking individual [commits](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/git/commit) from one [branch](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/git/branch) to another.

## Syntax

```pseudo
git cherry-pick <commit>
```

> <commit> is the hash and can be found using [git log](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/git/log).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`<commit>` is the commit hash and can be found using [git log](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/git/log).

```
